hey WSU fans this is rick is how the
boys eva and the wrestling goddess
spirit champion brittany savage like she
needs an introduction really Cosmo clubs
too hot yeah we would just like to show
you only girls actually because you know
they're kind of not really that girly
don't say for their face I mean we can
walk with ya anywho we would like to
show you on behalf of WSU the hottest
new photoshoot of the summer ladies and
gentlemen I present to you DUI oh my god
Oh
this is a public service announcement if
you want to be a lady wrestler a real
ladies wrestler you should look up to
people like Brittany savage and under a
year she's pwi rookie sensation WSU
Rookie of the Year spirit title tag team
title she is there all right all times
two times do you shouldn't be like this
white trash Becky bills who will wrestle
for two years and then quit Russell
another two months and then quit and
then she gains by pound loses three
pounds and gets on a blowjob it says
okay on a serious note Becky famous just
like I took out Alicia I'm going to take
you out not even watch this Latasha can
stand in my way this time it's not a
triple threat oh no it's a singles match
baby and this time I'm taking you out
just like I brought Alicia into
retirement I'm going to put your ass
straight into it oh my god